	The site I want to create is a space I can share my thoughts and observations I’ve made through life. So, it will be like a blog or article type site. I have been around a while and have learned many things about life. I have had many wise mentors to help me, and I have also made many mistakes in life that I have learned from and forced me to become better. I would like to pass my knowledge on and share it with others. I have the skills to complete this project. The written material will be my thoughts and experiences, so I don’t need to do any research for the articles. I have completed multiple English classes, so I know how to outline, write, and edit. I have learned a lot about creating web pages in this class, and I have templates made up, so I will just need to modify my templates to build my pages. If I don’t know how to do something, I can ask someone or look it up on Google or Stack Overflow. But I feel confident in my abilities to get the job done. 
	The outline for the project is to have a home/intro page, maybe with an image or two, and an introduction to the project. Then there will be an article page that will have links to all of my articles. Each article I write will have its’ own page with images. Lastly, I will have a profile/contact page with my information.
	To help me attain my goals, I will use templates that I’ve built to make my intro, article archive, and contact page. For my article pages, I will need to create a standard template I like to reuse for each article. To write my articles, I start by brainstorming to find a topic. Then, I will write an outline to get a plan for my article. Then I will do a rough draft based loosely off the outline to get many ideas on paper. Then I will take a break to give me time to be able to let the ideas marinate in my brain. Then I will read and rework my draft at the same time, making notes, additions, and subtractions from the work. Then I will make a clarified draft. Finally, I will ask someone to read it and finalize the work. This writing progression is the process I have used for a long time, and it has served me well.
